#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.6
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements.out --strip-extras requirements.txt
#
alabaster==0.7.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
amply==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pulp
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   snakemake
    #   virtualenv
argh==0.26.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
argon2-cffi==20.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   notebook
atomicwrites==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
attrs==20.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest
babel==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
backcall==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
biopython==1.78
    # via -r requirements.txt
bleach==3.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   nbconvert
    #   readme-renderer
brotli==1.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-compress
bump2version==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
certifi==2020.6.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
    #   requests
cffi==1.14.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   argon2-cffi
    #   cryptography
chardet==3.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
click==7.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
colorama==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   twine
configargparse==1.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   snakemake
coverage==5.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
cryptography==3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   secretstorage
cycler==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
cython==0.29.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   scikit-allel
dash==1.16.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
dash-core-components==1.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dash
dash-html-components==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dash
dash-renderer==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dash
dash-table==4.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dash
dask==2.25.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   scikit-allel
datrie==0.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   snakemake
decorator==4.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
    #   networkx
    #   traitlets
defusedxml==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   nbconvert
distlib==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   virtualenv
docutils==0.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   amply
    #   readme-renderer
    #   snakemake
    #   sphinx
editdistance==0.5.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
entrypoints==0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   nbconvert
filelock==3.0.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
flake8==3.8.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
flask==1.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dash
    #   flask-compress
flask-compress==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dash
future==0.18.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dash
gitdb==4.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gitdb2
    #   gitpython
gitdb2==4.0.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
gitpython==3.1.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   snakemake
idna==2.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
imageio==2.9.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
imagesize==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
importlib-metadata==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flake8
    #   jsonschema
    #   keyring
    #   pluggy
    #   pytest
    #   tox
    #   twine
    #   virtualenv
importlib-resources==5.4.0
    # via virtualenv
iniconfig==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pytest
intervaltree==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
ipykernel==5.5.6
    # via
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipython==7.16.3
    # via ipykernel
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
    #   traitlets
itsdangerous==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
jedi==0.17.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
jeepney==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   keyring
    #   secretstorage
jinja2==2.11.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
    #   sphinx
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   nbformat
    #   snakemake
jupyter-client==6.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-core==4.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
kaleido==0.0.3.post1
    # via -r requirements.txt
keyring==21.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   twine
kiwisolver==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
markupsafe==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
matplotlib==3.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   seaborn
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flake8
mistune==0.8.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   nbconvert
more-itertools==8.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pytest
nbconvert==5.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
    #   snakemake
networkx==2.5
    # via -r requirements.txt
notebook==6.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   widgetsnbextension
numpy==1.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   biopython
    #   dask
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-allel
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
packaging==20.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   bleach
    #   pytest
    #   sphinx
    #   tox
pandas==1.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   seaborn
pandocfilters==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   nbconvert
parso==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jedi
pathtools==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   watchdog
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
pillow==7.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
pkginfo==1.5.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   twine
plotly==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dash
pluggy==0.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pytest
    #   tox
prometheus-client==0.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
psutil==5.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   snakemake
ptyprocess==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pulp==2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   snakemake
py==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pytest
    #   tox
pycodestyle==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flake8
pycparser==2.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pyflakes==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flake8
pygments==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
    #   readme-renderer
    #   sphinx
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   amply
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
pyrsistent==0.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
pysam==0.16.0.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
pytest==6.0.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
pytest-runner==5.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2020.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   babel
    #   pandas
pyyaml==5.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dask
    #   snakemake
pyzmq==19.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-client
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==4.7.7
    # via -r requirements.txt
qtpy==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   qtconsole
ratelimiter==1.2.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   snakemake
readme-renderer==26.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   twine
requests==2.24.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   snakemake
    #   sphinx
    #   twine
requests-toolbelt==0.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   twine
retrying==1.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   plotly
rfc3986==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   twine
scikit-allel
    # via -r requirements.txt
scipy==1.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   seaborn
seaborn==0.11.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
secretstorage==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   keyring
send2trash==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   notebook
seq-tools==1.0.10
    # via -r requirements.txt
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   argon2-cffi
    #   bleach
    #   cryptography
    #   cycler
    #   jsonschema
    #   packaging
    #   plotly
    #   pyrsistent
    #   python-dateutil
    #   readme-renderer
    #   retrying
    #   tox
    #   traitlets
    #   virtualenv
smart-open==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
smmap==3.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gitdb
    #   smmap2
smmap2==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
snakemake==5.23.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
snowballstemmer==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
sortedcontainers==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   intervaltree
sphinx==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==1.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinxcontrib-websupport
sphinxcontrib-websupport==1.2.4
    # via -r requirements.txt
terminado==0.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   notebook
testpath==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   nbconvert
toml==0.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pytest
    #   tox
toolz==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dask
toposort==1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   snakemake
tornado==6.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tox==3.20.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
tqdm==4.48.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   twine
traitlets==4.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
twine==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
urllib3==1.25.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
virtualenv==20.0.31
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tox
watchdog==0.10.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   bleach
werkzeug==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
widgetsnbextension==3.5.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
wrapt==1.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   snakemake
zipp==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
